README.md, before:

# Brouwerij Geel's Beer-Based Recipes

Ever encounter the problem of wanting to cook, then refusing to because you can't think of a recipe that revolves around beer? Look no further; all of your problems may be solved. Well... maybe one of them.

This is a markdown-based recipe web-app.

![](/public/promo.png)

Built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind CSS 3.0](https://tailwindcss.com/).

____

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/)

Commit message:

Integrate Netlify auto-deploys & badge

README.md, after:

# Brouwerij Geel's Beer-Based Recipes

Ever encounter the problem of wanting to cook, then refusing to because you can't think of a recipe that revolves around beer? Look no further; all of your problems may be solved. Well... maybe one of them.

This is a web-app that lets you publish recipes using markdown.

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b443bc8f-94f4-4575-95be-e4ef217d539d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/brouwerij-geel-recipes/deploys)

![](/public/promo.png)

Built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) and [Tailwind CSS 3.0](https://tailwindcss.com/).

____

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/)
